Customer Churn Prediction (CCP) is a challenging experiments  for decision makers. CCP aims to detect customers with a high affinity to leave. The objective of this model is to handle a large scale Telecommunication Company and identify potential churn. In the proposed research,  instead of removing features or observations with high missing data, Mean Imputation, Data wrangling is used to handle missing values.  First Ensemble Machine learning classifiers used to scrutinize and compare the combining of an Ensemble learner based on Generalized Linear Model (GLM) and the prediction values based on tree model using a Random Forest classifier. The suggested  model used  the Weighted Accuracy and Diversity (WAD) as an algorithm to find the optimal weights for the proposed Ensemble classifier. The second Ensemble learner is incorporated of penalized methods (Ridge, Lasso and ElasticNet) with a Logistic Regression method on the binomial family as based on the generalized linear model. Randomly generate values between [0, 1] became the weights for this classifier. The Weights are selected according to the principle that weights of higher value are assigned for great performance classifier to ensure the highest accuracy of Churn Prediction model. To achieve efficient and automatic search for the optimal value of lambda  parameter for penalization methods , 10-fold based on five times repeated Cross-Validation (CV) performance technique should be used.  These  two Ensemble classifiers incorporated within a churn prediction model to handle a dataset, an imbalance data distribution, time-dependent features label  in the Telecommunication industry.  Experimental results show an increase in predictive performance. In addition, the results depicted that using of ensemble learning has brought a remarkable  improvement for individual base learners in terms of performance indicators such as Area under Curve (AUC), specificity, sensitivity Mean Square Error(MSE), and  Accuracy. Accuracy is the best candidates for churn prediction tasks. 